Random challenges - intro (#2)
ARCTraining/python-challenges: book/docs/random/coins.md

# Tossing Coins 🟡

> Write a function that works as a coin-flipper simulator.

> > Then, write another function that returns the approximate probability of

Author: ```suggestion
> Then, write another function that calls the coin flipper function several
> times to determine the approximate probability of
```
